Readme file :

Details about the folders 

infohub : contains the python environment setup, it contains 4 files - init.py, settings.py, urls.py and wsgi.py
settings.py has the main configuration settings like dependencies, database, timezone etc.

ui : contains the ui page templates of the site, it conains the html,css, js page templates with applied jinja integration. Also, I have used bootstrap for responsiveness and better UI design.

webhub : contains the python-django backend of the site, it conains 7 files - init.py, admin.py, checker.py, models.py, tests.py, urls.py and views.py
admin.py contains the models that are to be added in the admin panel
checker.py has a check function that redirects the user to the home page depending upon his current status (i.e. login/logout)
models.py has all the information about the models we are going to have in the database
urls.py has the urls of the pages created connected with the respective views
views.py has all the views, ie function to call different views and render the respective values from the backend

manage.py : is the file that is used to run the application


Guidelines to run the application :

I had to reinstall postgres and python on the VM provided. Also, I had to install python-psycopg2 and jinja on the VM. Make sure the internet is working as I have used some online resources right now.

To run the application, 
1. Start the VM. Install the mentioned dependencies if required
2. Go to the directory which has manage.py file
3. Syncing with the database : run the following command from the terminal
   python manage.py syncdb
4. You might be asked to create a super user. Create one.
5. Runnning the server : run the following command from the terminal
   python manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:8000
6. Open the web-browser and go to http://192.168.33.10:8000/admin. Log in (with the superuser credentials).
7. You will have to create one user from the admin panel.Create one user and add it to the new pcuser. Log out.
8. Now go to http://192.168.33.10:8000/. Login with the credential of the pcuser that you created from the admin panel.
9. Done !


